1)

Abstraction

Is a process of exposing essential feature of an entity
while hiding other irrelevant detail.

Abstraction includes adding comments to the code to show the user of the
program or the coder what is specifically going on in a string of code.
Since the code is confusing in itself, there is no way for the user to know
what is going on until someone comments in what is going on. Also variable
names determine what is going on and good variable names make code easier to
read.

2)

Encapsulation

We have to take in consideration that Encapsulation is somehow related to
Data Hiding. Encapsulation is when you hide your modules internal
data and all other implementation details/mechanism from other modules.
it is also a way of restricting access to certain properties or component.

This is done by creating private variables and methods within a python
file so that when someone uses the program they know not to mess with a
certain section of the code.

3)

Inheritance

Like ther word Inheritance literally means it is a
practice of passing on property, titles, debts, rights and obligations
upon the death of an individual.
in OOP this is somehow true(Except the death of an individual) ,
where The base class(the existing class sometimes called as the Parent class)
has properties and methods
that will be inherited by the sub class
(somtimes called a subtype or child class) and it can have additional
properties or methods.
Inheritance is also a way to use code of an existing objects.

4)

Polymorphism

Just like in biology, Polymorphism refers to the ability
to take into different forms or stages.A subclass can define
its own unique behaviour and still share the same functionalities
or behavior of its parent/base class.Yes, you got it right, 
subclass can have their own behavior and share
some behaviour from its parent class BUT!! not vice versa. A parent 
class cannot have the behaviour of its subclass.

When a subclass is created in python, it can have its own regular methods and
class variables but still be a child of the parent class and therefore
inherit some properties of the parent class.